So we have all of our customize or functionality set up.
Now we want to do is be able to display the blog posts.
Ok so we want them on the home page and we also want a custom blog page.
So first thing we'll do is go into the back end and we're going to go to pages.
We're going to create a new page called home no content just the title.
And then we also want another one called Blog.
OK publish that and then we'll go to settings reading and we're going to select a static page for the
home page which will be home post page will be Blog.
All right.
We also want to add that blog page to our menu so we're going to go to appearance menus and just bring
that over.
All right.
And we also want this custom length that we have for home are going to get rid of that and then we're
going to bring home over.
All right so we'll save that go back reload.
OK we now have home.
I also have blog.
Now right now our index peach just has static HDMI.
That's why we're seeing this.
So what we want to do is we're going to create a new file and we're going to save this as front dash
page taught THP.
All right.
Now if we go to the front page and reload it's going to go blank because it's looking at this file.
So what we'll do is copy what we have in index THP and bring that over to front page save it reload
.
And now it's back.
All right so the Showcase area is all set.
We want to begin to look down here.
All right so let's go to our front page ph file and go under the showcase where you see the section
a section B and what I'm going to do for now is just keep the first section A and get rid of Section
B and the second section.
All right.
And we're going to fetch our blog posts.
Now this is going to be a little different than what we've seen before because what we want to do is
by default if we just put our regular while loop in there it's just going to display that static home
page that we created.
And that's not what we want we want a a roll of the latest posts so what are we going to do is we're
going to create a variable and let's call its latest blog posts and we're going to send it to new.
We're going to use W.P. underscore queery.
And then we want to pass an array in there.
All right.
In this array we can have different options but the option that we want is we want to save posts per
page and we're going to set out to three.
So no more than three posts are going to display.
Now what we want to do is let's go underneath
and we're going to say if in the past in that latest blog posts have posts we're checking to see if
it has any posts.
And then what we do is we're going to say while
the latest blog posts have posts
and then let's put a call in here and they'll say latest blog posts the post.
Ok so you can see it's just like our regular WordPress loop except we're using this latest blog posts
which comes from this WP queery.
All right.
So we want
to go like that and then down here are going to say p p and while and we also want.
And if
that's the why is this I never closed this
OK.
So down here just to make sure that this is actually working let's just say ph P the title.
All right.
And we don't have any.
I think we only have the default hello world post Yeah.
So that's showing right here.
All right.
So what I'm going to do is just create some posts.
All right so what's new.
Now we're going to need to use an image.
You can see down here we don't have that option for a featured image so let's go to functions ph p.
We're going to go right inside this clean cut theme support function.
And we're just going to say add D-Md. support
and post thumbnails.
OK so now if we go back here reload now we have featured image.
So let's click that and let's grab some files Let's see
should be on the desk.
Clean cut HDMI all you guys will have these images in your images folder.
But I'm going to upload these three right here of the smartphone and we're going to choose the first
one and say set featured image OK.
I'm just going to paste sample text then you guys can you can use this or whatever you'd like.
All right now I'm going to put a read more here.
See this insert read more tag and put that right there and then paste in some other text.
OK because we're going to be using excerpt but I want to be able to target where I want that read more
.
So I'm going to just put it in there.
All right.
I would see a new car going to have a category here with say web design.
We'll add a couple of categories actually
it's a mobile
development.
All right.
I only want to choose one though for now.
OK so that looks good.
Let's go ahead and publish that.
I'm going to add another one.
And you can use the same content.
OK title
and let's go ahead and choose the image and choose the second one that looks good publish and let's
create one more ups
and paste that in feature image.
We're going to choose this one and just publish.
All right.
So if you go to the front end now and reload you can see right here we're getting the different titles
.
All right which is coming from
this right here the title.
So what I want to do is get rid of that and then take this section A.
Let's go ahead and cut that out and put that right in here
.
OK.
Save that.
All right.
So now it's getting all of the post but we're getting the same title and content that's because it's
just static rate here.
So what we could do is like the title or just get rid of that to save the title.
And now the title should change.
OK right here for the content.
We can put in THP
the excerpt
that changes the content